I joined the Navy
what's so funny
[Applause]
jets won't fly jets officers don't have
tattoos what's your name boy Mayo Zack
Mayo sir you got a girl male 2 one mom
and looking for one even when are you
looking for local girls to come across
the salad on the ferry every weekend one
bang in mind let's damare themselves an
evil eb8 tour and heard about these
girls it really flat husband
tell me use every means necessary fair
and unfair clip you up let's go your
weaknesses as a potential aviator and as
a human being
[Music]
would you let yourself get pregnant
don't trip I'll try to trap it so Zach
who you do is the girl when you're
through it see you've had some friend
man named Oh every class is always one
joke of the thinks he's smarter than me
knock it up try to be nice to you I'm
trying to be your friend Zach I'm
different
get out oh why would a slick little
hustle like you want to sign up for this
kind of abuse anyway boy judge sir my
grandmother wants to fly jets Richard
Gere Debra Winger an officer and a
gentleman from Paramount Pictures
[Music]
you